  Jerry is a guy who lived in the "Googooland" and his dream is to become the
best hunter in there. Googooland is a special world which have many monster.
Hunters need to hunt those monsters in order to survive in the world. At his 
childhood, he showed his talent on hunting and was praised by other hunters.
However, he is always unfortunate on hunting because he always cannot find the
monster king and prove his skills.
  On another usual day, Jerry went to consult the village oracle Iris. Expecting
to hear from her that his hunt will be as ordinary as they have always been and
that the monster king will be out of his reach yet again, Jerry was floored
after hearing from her that today will be the day he encounters the monster
king. Giddy with excitement from the oracle's words, he thanked Iris profusely
and rushed home to prepare for the hunt of his dreams. In the back of his head,
he had doubts of the oracle's prophecy, but if there was any chance was better
than no chance to hunt the monster king and prove his worth. As he gathered
his medicines, inspected his tools, and outfitted himself in his most protective
armor, Jerry heard a familiar voice hailing him. It was his old friend Bruce.
  "Oh great..." Jerry thought, remembering how much Bruce always wanted 
to tag along on his hunting trips, even though he always ended up 
scaring the monsters away before Jerry could trap and kill them. Bruce 
noticed that Jerry was preparing for a hunting trip and immediately 
asked to come with. Jerry, being a nice guy, knew that he had to let 
Bruce tag along but was not happy about it. What if he really did meet 
the monster king but Bruce ruined everything? Jerry knew he had to work 
extra hard today in order to prevent that from happening. Jerry and 
Bruce left town and started searching the forest for signs of nearby 
monsters. Jerry was light on his feet, not making a sound with each step 
he took. However, it didn't really matter because Bruce was trailing 
behind him, stepping on every little twig and making lots of noise. 
After hours of wandering and not finding anything, Jerry was getting 
frustrated. He kept hearing Bruce stumbling behind him and eventually he 
snapped. "BE QUIET!" he yelled at Bruce while turning around to look at 
him. However, when he turned his old friend Bruce was no longer behind 
him. Instead he was being followed by the monster king.
  Jerry felt his entire body sieze up, and no matter how hard he tried, he
couldn't move. However, that all changed when the monster king bellowed a cry
so loud, it sent him into a full on sprint. Jerry didn't know what to do, all
he knew, is that he had to run. After making it past all the greenery of the
forest, Jerry found a clearing with a cave too small enough for the monster
king to fit in to. Although he dared not look behind, Jerry could hear the
creature's footsteps get louder and louder, so Jerry knew he had no choice.
Jerry dove into the very narrow cave just in the nick of time, and the monster
king ran his head into the craggy and rocky cave entrance and realized after a
short amount of time, he would not fit. However, just when Jerry thought it
was safe, he heard a noise from the darkness of the cave. "Jerry? Is that
you," Bruce's voice questioned in a whispered hush. "Yes it's me! How do we
get out of here safely with that monster blocking the path?" They sat and
thought for a couple of seconds before Bruce announced, "I think I have an
idea."
